Complexity Metrics
---------------------------------------------------------------------

 > Cyclomatic Complexity Number (CCN)

 	    Usage: $ radon cc path -s

		This command analyzes Python source files and compute Cyclomatic Complexity.

		By default, the complexity score is not displayed, the option -s (show complexity) toggles this behaviour.
		Every block will be ranked from A (best complexity score) to F (worst one).

		CC score	Rank	Risk
		1  - 5	A	low - simple block
		6  - 10	B	low - well structured and stable block
		11 - 20	C	moderate - slightly complex block
		21 - 30	D	more than moderate - more complex block
		31 - 40	E	high - complex block, alarming
		41+  	F	very high - error-prone, unstable block

		Blocks are also classified into three types: functions, methods and classes.
		Block type	Letter
		Function	  F
		Method	      M
		Class	      C

		-s, --show-complexity
			If given, show the complexity score along with its rank.
			Value can be set in a configuration file using the show_complexity property.

		-j, --json
			If given, the results will be converted into JSON. This is useful in case you need to export the results to another application.

		--xml
			If given, the results will be converted into XML. Note that not all the information is kept. This is specifically targeted to Jenkin’s plugin CCM.

		-O, --output-file
			Save output to the specified output file.


> Lines of Code (LOC)

        Usage: $ radon raw path1 path2

		This command analyzes the given Python modules in order to compute raw metrics. These include:

		LOC: the total number of lines of code
		LLOC: the number of logical lines of code
		SLOC: the number of source lines of code - not necessarily corresponding to the LLOC [Wikipedia]
		comments: the number of Python comment lines (i.e. only single-line comments #)
		multi: the number of lines representing multi-line strings
		blank: the number of blank lines (or whitespace-only ones)

		-s, --summary
			If given, at the end of the analysis a summary of the gathered metrics will be shown.

		-j, --json
			If given, the results will be converted into JSON.

		-O, --output-file
			Save output to the specified output file.